Readme.md, before:

# TS DS Linked Lists

## Requirements

-   Create 1 commit per task

-   Make sure your code has enough helpful comments.

-   Ensure you consider the edge cases. Eg: What if the input is empty?

-   Implement using `ts`, create necessary config files and folder structure as needed.

## Questions:

1.  Calculates the average of this linked list having numbers: average() {}

2.  Creates a new node with the given data and inserts it at the back of this list: insertAtBack(data) {}

3.  Converts this list into an array containing the data of each node: toArr(){}

4.  Insert an array of values into the list: insertAtBackMany(vals) {}

5.  Removes the last node of this list： removeBack() { }

## Optional LeetCode Questions:

1.  [237. Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/description/)

2.  [206. Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/)

3.  [2. Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/description/)

4.  [83. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/description/)

Commit message:

docs: add backup note to README

Readme.md, after:

> **Note:** This repository is a personal backup of coursework originally developed as part of my studies at Cornerstone College. It was cloned from a institutional and private repository to preserve my contributions and development history.

# TS DS Linked Lists

## Requirements

-   Create 1 commit per task

-   Make sure your code has enough helpful comments.

-   Ensure you consider the edge cases. Eg: What if the input is empty?

-   Implement using `ts`, create necessary config files and folder structure as needed.

## Questions:

1.  Calculates the average of this linked list having numbers: average() {}

2.  Creates a new node with the given data and inserts it at the back of this list: insertAtBack(data) {}

3.  Converts this list into an array containing the data of each node: toArr(){}

4.  Insert an array of values into the list: insertAtBackMany(vals) {}

5.  Removes the last node of this list： removeBack() { }

## Optional LeetCode Questions:

1.  [237. Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/description/)

2.  [206. Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/)

3.  [2. Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/description/)

4.  [83. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/description/)
